Quorum — the Nonprofit Board OS.
Your Dashboard is the front page of your foundation's launch. Let's read it together,
from the top.
First, the greeting — the portal knows who you are. And in the top corner sits the
launch progress ring: eight of twenty-seven tasks done so far. It fills in as you go.
Under the greeting are four small cards. Awaiting signature counts documents waiting in
DocuSeal. Signed shows what's completed and filed.
Open tasks is what's left on your launch checklist. And Next meeting shows the very next
date on the board's calendar.
The Launch checklist card previews your next few steps. Clicking View all takes you to
the full roadmap — we'll tour it in the next video.
Below that, Recent documents. Each one wears a little badge — Draft, Awaiting
signatures, or Fully signed — so you can spot what needs attention.
On the right: Upcoming meetings. When a meeting has a video call, there's a blue Join
button — one click, and you're in.
And the top bar works everywhere. Search your documents on the left... or jot something
down with New note on the right.
That's your Dashboard — mission control. When in doubt, come back here: it always shows
what needs you next. Next up: the Launch Checklist.